Guides: Remove git backend from guide menu. Callout & remove outdate links (#884)
tinacms/tinacms.org: content/docs/integrations/nextjs.md

next:
---

> NextJS is a flexible React framework and there are many different ways to build with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next.js is a flexible React framework and there are many different ways to build with it.
```
